 Which is included in the purpose of the 'change enablement' practice?	 Ensure that risks have been properly assessed
 Which practice involves the management of vulnerabilities that were not identified before the service went live?	 Problem management
 Which activity is part of the 'continual improvement' practice?	 Making business cases for improvement action
 Which statement about managing incidents is CORRECT?	 Low impact incidents should be resolved efficiently so the resource required is reduced
 What varies in size and complexity, and uses functions to achieve its objectives?	 An organization
 Which practice makes new services available for use?	 Release management
 What aspect of 'service level management' asks service consumers what their work involves and how technology helps them?	 Customer engagement
 What describes how components and activities work together to facilitate value creation?	 The ITIL service value system
 Which will help solve incidents more quickly?	 Detailed procedural steps for incident investigation
 Which ITIL concept describes the service value chain? 	 Service value system
 How does 'service request management' contribute to the 'improve' value chain activity? 	 It analyzes data to identify opportunities to provide new service request options 
 Which guiding principle is most affected by the customer experience (CX)? 	 Focus on value
 What is NOT a phase in problem management? 	 Problem classification
 How does 'service level management' contribute to the 'plan' value chain activity? 	 Provides information about the actual service performance and trends 
 Identify the missing word(s) in the following sentence. Utility is the _____ offered by a product or service to meet a particular need.	 Functionalize
 Which practice has a purpose that includes helping the organization to maximize value, control costs and manage risks?  	 IT asset management 
 Which dimension of service management considers governance, management, and communication?  	 Organizations and people 
 Which statement about known errors and problems is CORRECT?  	 Known error is the status assigned to a problem after it has been analysed 
 Which guiding principle emphasizes the need to understand the flow of work in progress, identify bottlenecks, and uncover waste?  	 Collaborate and promote visibility 
 Identify the missing word in the following sentence.   A known error is a problem that has been [?] and has not been resolved. 	 analyzed 
 Which value chain activity communicates the current status of all four dimensions of service management?  	 Plan      
 Identify the missing words in the following sentence.   The purpose of the [?] is to ensure that the organization continually co-creates value with all stakeholders in line with the organization's objectives.  	 service value system 
 What considerations influence the supplier strategy of an organization?  	 Corporate culture of the organization 
 What leads to poor decision-making, which in turn impacts the organization’s ability to improve internal capabilities?  	 Insufficient visibility of work  
 Problems are prioritized for analysis based on the?  	 Time needed to fix  
 Workarounds are documented in?  	 Problem records
 What in the service value chain ensures a shared understanding of the vision, current status, and improvement direction for all four dimensions and all products and services across the organization?  	 Plan  
 What are two key components of the ITIL framework?  	 Service value system and service desk  
 What is it called when tools will poll key CIs, looking at their status to generate alerts when an exception condition is identified?  	 Active monitoring  
 What is it called when the CI itself generates the operational alerts?  	 Passive monitoring  
 Which practice focuses on reducing the likelihood of incidents?  	 Problem management  
 IT asset management maintains information about the assets, their costs, and?  	 Related contracts  
 What is a set of specialized organizational capabilities for enabling value for customers in the form of services?  	 Service management
 What refers to the use of technology to perform a step or series of steps correctly and consistently with limited or no human intervention?  	 Accountable for policies  
 Who authorizes the budget for service consumption?  	 Sponsor
 The IT asset register is often combined (or federated) with the information stored in a?  	 Configuration management system (CMS)  
 Almost all services today are considered to be:  	 IT-enabled  
 What is a feedback loop?  	 An output of one activity is an input to another activity  
 Problem control activities include problem analysis, and documenting workarounds and?  	 Error control  
 All activities conducted by the organization should link back, directly or indirectly to?  	 Processes  
 How many core components does the service value system (SVS) contain?  	 5
