Question: Which is included in the purpose of the 'change enablement' practice?
         Answered: Make new and changed services available for use
         Correct: Ensure that risks have been properly assessed
Question: Which practice involves the management of vulnerabilities that were not identified before the service went live?
         Answered: Service level management
         Correct: Problem management
Question: Which activity is part of the 'continual improvement' practice?
         Answered: Authorizing changes to implement improvements
         Correct: Making business cases for improvement action
Question: Which statement about managing incidents is CORRECT?
         Answered: The 'incident management' practice should use a single process regardless of the impact of the incident
         Correct: Low impact incidents should be resolved efficiently so the resource required is reduced
Question: What varies in size and complexity, and uses functions to achieve its objectives?
         Answered: A practice
         Correct: An organization
Question: Which practice makes new services available for use?
         Answered: Change enablement
         Correct: Release management
Question: What aspect of 'service level management' asks service consumers what their work involves and how technology helps them?
         Answered: Customer feedback
         Correct: Customer engagement
Question: What describes how components and activities work together to facilitate value creation?
         Answered: A service relationship
         Correct: The ITIL service value system
Question: Which will help solve incidents more quickly?
         Answered: Collaboration between teams
         Correct: Detailed procedural steps for incident investigation

Question: Which ITIL concept describes the service value chain? 
         Answered: Four dimensions of service management
         Correct: Service value system
Question: How does 'service request management' contribute to the 'improve' value chain activity? 
         Answered: It collects user-specific requirements, sets expectations, and provides status updates 
         Correct: It analyzes data to identify opportunities to provide new service request options 
Question: Which guiding principle is most affected by the customer experience (CX)? 
         Answered: Progress iteratively with feedback
         Correct: Focus on value
Question: What is NOT a phase in problem management? 
         Answered: Error control 
         Correct: Problem classification
Question: How does 'service level management' contribute to the 'plan' value chain activity? 
         Answered: Collects and processes feedback from customers and users 
         Correct: Provides information about the actual service performance and trends 
Question: Identify the missing word(s) in the following sentence. Utility is the _____ offered by a product or service to meet a particular need.
         Answered: Assurance
         Correct: Functionalize

Question: Which practice has a purpose that includes helping the organization to maximize value, control costs and manage risks?  
         Answered: Invalid answer
         Correct: IT asset management 
Question: Which dimension of service management considers governance, management, and communication?  
         Answered: Invalid answer
         Correct: Organizations and people 
Question: Which statement about known errors and problems is CORRECT?  
         Answered: Invalid answer
         Correct: Known error is the status assigned to a problem after it has been analysed 
Question: Which guiding principle emphasizes the need to understand the flow of work in progress, identify bottlenecks, and uncover waste?  
         Answered: Invalid answer
         Correct: Collaborate and promote visibility 
Question: Identify the missing word in the following sentence.   A known error is a problem that has been [?] and has not been resolved. 
         Answered: Invalid answer
         Correct: analyzed 
Question: Which value chain activity communicates the current status of all four dimensions of service management?  
         Answered: Invalid answer
         Correct: Plan      
Question: Identify the missing words in the following sentence.   The purpose of the [?] is to ensure that the organization continually co-creates value with all stakeholders in line with the organization's objectives.  
         Answered: Invalid answer
         Correct: service value system 
Question: What considerations influence the supplier strategy of an organization?  
         Answered: Invalid answer
         Correct: Corporate culture of the organization 


Question: What leads to poor decision-making, which in turn impacts the organization’s ability to improve internal capabilities?  
         Answered: Invalid answer
         Correct: Insufficient visibility of work  
Question: Problems are prioritized for analysis based on the?  
         Answered: Invalid answer
         Correct: Time needed to fix  
Question: Workarounds are documented in?  
         Answered: Invalid answer
         Correct: Problem records
Question: What in the service value chain ensures a shared understanding of the vision, current status, and improvement direction for all four dimensions and all products and services across the organization?  
         Answered: Invalid answer
         Correct: Plan  
Question: What are two key components of the ITIL framework?  
         Answered: Invalid answer
         Correct: Service value system and service desk  
Question: What is it called when tools will poll key CIs, looking at their status to generate alerts when an exception condition is identified?  
         Answered: Invalid answer
         Correct: Active monitoring  
Question: What is it called when the CI itself generates the operational alerts?  
         Answered: Invalid answer
         Correct: Passive monitoring  
Question: Which practice focuses on reducing the likelihood of incidents?  
         Answered: Invalid answer
         Correct: Problem management  
Question: IT asset management maintains information about the assets, their costs, and?  
         Answered: Invalid answer
         Correct: Related contracts  
Question: What is a set of specialized organizational capabilities for enabling value for customers in the form of services?  
         Answered: Invalid answer
         Correct: Service management
Question: What refers to the use of technology to perform a step or series of steps correctly and consistently with limited or no human intervention?  
         Answered: Invalid answer
         Correct: Accountable for policies  
Question: Who authorizes the budget for service consumption?  
         Answered: Invalid answer
         Correct: Sponsor
Question: The IT asset register is often combined (or federated) with the information stored in a?  
         Answered: Invalid answer
         Correct: Configuration management system (CMS)  
Question: Almost all services today are considered to be:  
         Answered: Invalid answer
         Correct: IT-enabled  
Question: What is a feedback loop?  
         Answered: Invalid answer
         Correct: An output of one activity is an input to another activity  
Question: Problem control activities include problem analysis, and documenting workarounds and?  
         Answered: Invalid answer
         Correct: Error control  
Question: All activities conducted by the organization should link back, directly or indirectly to?  
         Answered: Invalid answer
         Correct: Processes  
Question: How many core components does the service value system (SVS) contain?  
         Answered: Invalid answer
         Correct: 5

Question: What is an example of an action a service request management employee would undertake as part of the 'design and transition' activity? 
         Answered:  Collecting user-specific requirements, setting expectations, and providing status updates 
         Correct:  Initiating standard changes to fulfill service requests 
Question: How does 'service level management' contribute to the 'improve' value chain activity? 
         Answered:  Provides information about the actual service performance and trends 
         Correct:  Uses feedback from users about the service and requirements from customers to make the service better 
Question: You are attempting to print a document from your workstation to the network printer in your office. The print job failed when you attempted to print, so you called the service desk for assistance. What term best describes your issue? 
         Answered: Problem 
         Correct: Incident
Question: You are working as a service desk analyst. Within the last hour, you have received 13 calls about users being unable to log on to the network. There appears to be something wrong with the domain controller. What would you classify this scenario as? 
         Answered: Incident
         Correct: Problem
Question: What is the purpose of the 'relationship management' practice? 
         Answered: Ensuring that an organization's suppliers and their performance levels are managed appropriately to support the provision of seamless quality products and services 
         Correct: Establishing and nurturing links between an organization and its stakeholders at strategic and tactical levels 
Question: How does 'service request management' contribute to the 'deliver and support' value chain activity? 
         Answered:  By initiating standard changes to fulfill service requests 
         Correct:  It ensures that users continue to be productive when they need assistance from the service provider 
Question: You are working as a service desk manager. One of your analysts has created a new workaround for a problem that has been causing issues for users for the last few hours. To ensure all users across the network are notified of this workaround, you decide to post the workaround on the front page of your user service portal on the intranet. During which value chain activity would this occur? 
         Answered: Improve
         Correct: Engage
Question: What is the definition of an IT asset? 
         Answered: Any component that needs to be managed in order to deliver an IT service 
         Correct: Any valuable component that can contribute to the delivery of an IT product or service 
Question: Management has set a goal to reduce the number of physical servers in the datacenter by 10% this year. Your team is responsible for creating a plan to migrate 50% of the physical servers into virtualized systems. Which step of the continual improvement model are you currently working on?
         Answered:  Where do we want to be 
         Correct:  How do we get there 
Question: Dion Training has decided not to run their own email servers. Instead, Dion Training pays a monthly service fee to Google's G-Suite to provide email services to the company so that Dion Training can receive emails from its students. What best describes this co-creation of value by Dion Training and Google in order to provide email support to Dion Training's students? 
         Answered:  Service consumption 
         Correct: Service relationship management
Question: What is usually included as part of 'incident management'? 
         Answered:  Detailed procedures for the diagnosis of incidents 
         Correct:  Scripts for collecting initial information about incidents 
Question: What is the definition of utility? 
         Answered: The assurance that a product or service will meet agreed requirements 
         Correct: The functionality offered by a product or service to meet a particular need         